Adding transform docs for geotile_grid (#57000)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/aggregations/bucket/composite-aggregation.asciidoc

include::datehistogram-aggregation.asciidoc[tag=offset-note]

[[_geotile_grid]]

> ===== GeoTile Grid

Reviewer: We're trying to move to sentence-style capitalization:
```suggestion
===== GeoTile grid
```

> Works on `geo_point` fields and groups points into buckets that represent

Reviewer: This page is so long I don't think we should leave sentences incomplete and assume they've read all the preceding info:
```suggestion
The `geotile_grid` value source works on `geo_point` fields and groups points into buckets that represent
```

cells in a grid. The resulting grid can be sparse and only contains cells
that have matching data. Each cell corresponds to a
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tiled_web_map[map tile] as used by many online map
sites. Each cell is labeled using a "{zoom}/{x}/{y}" format, where zoom is equal
to the user-specified precision.

[source,console,id=composite-aggregation-geotilegrid-example]
--------------------------------------------------
GET /_search
{
    "size": 0,
    "aggs" : {
        "my_buckets": {
            "composite" : {
                "sources" : [
                    { "tile": { "geotile_grid" : { "field": "location", "precision": 8 } } }
                ]
            }
        }
    }
}
--------------------------------------------------

*Precision*

The highest-precision geotile of length 29 produces cells that cover

> less than a 10cm by 10cm of land. This is uniquely suited for composite aggregations as each

Reviewer: Either a word is missing (square?) or the "a" should be removed:
```suggestion
less than 10cm by 10cm of land. This is uniquely suited for composite aggregations as each
```

tile does not have to be generated and loaded in memory.

See https://wiki.openstreetmap.org/wiki/Zoom_levels[Zoom level documentation]
on how precision (zoom) correlates to size on the ground. Precision for this
aggregation can be between 0 and 29, inclusive.

*Bounding box filtering*

> The geotile source can optionally be constrained to a specific geo bounding box. This reduces

Reviewer: I also prefer to either qualify "this" or else join the sentences like this:
```suggestion
The geotile source can optionally be constrained to a specific geo bounding box, which reduces
```

> the range of tiles used. This is useful if only a specific part a geographical area need high

Reviewer: Qualifying another "this":
```suggestion
the range of tiles used. These bounds are useful when only a specific part of a geographical area needs high
```
